# Exchange@northcoast Ops Doc
#northcoast #ops 

## North Coast Church Exchange 2013 Infrastructure
Virtual Machines

| Hostnames | IP Address   		| Location 	                    			| Function		|
|:------ |:------ |:------ |:------ |
| EXMBXV2	|172.20.1.226 	|VM on HVEX2 IT Production Rack	|DB and CAS		|
| EXMBXV3	|172.20.1.225 	|VM on HVEX1 Vista Server Room 	|DB and CAS		|
| EXWITV1	|172.20.1.227 	|VM on VHV3 Vista Server Room	|Witness Server	|

Physical Hosts

| Hostnames  |IP Address   		|Location          		|Function				|
|:------ |:------ |:------ |:------ | 
| HVEX1		| 172.20.1.77  	| Vista Server Room 	| Hyper-v for Exchange 	|
| HVEX2		| 172.20.60.29 	| IT Prod Rack      		| Hyper-v for Exchange 	|
| VHV3		| 172.20.60.22 	| Vista Server Room 	| Host for Whiteness		|

EXMBXV3 Is our Primary in our new setup, its in the vista server room.
https://webmail.northcoastchurch.com/ecp/?ExchClientVer=15.

External IP Space

|Exchange Version	| IP Address      		| OWA URL                             			|
|:------ | :------ |:------ |
|Exchange 2010		| 209.242.155.196 	|http://remote.northcoastchurch.com	|
|Exchange 2013    	| 209.242.155.201 	|http://webmail.northcoastchurch.com	|

> All IP's are on the Vista's Sonicwall via COX Fiber.  
Pending Changes needed to decommission exchange 2010
- [ ] Migrate Public Folders
- [ ] Decommission Exchange 2010

## Office 365 Hybrid Notes
For best results when triggering a mailbox move it looks that you should remote into exmbxv2 and load the web interface, click hybrid and login to office 365 with an account that has permissions to manage exchange.  Once you do you should be able to move mailboxes from the recipients list.

MX Pointer for delivering mail to Office 365: northcoastchurch-com.mail.protection.outlook.com

## To-do
- [ ] Look into Kemp load balancer free tier: https://freeloadbalancer.com/
- [ ] Change mail flow so that Office 365 is hit first, currently we have groups based routing in proofpoint using the group "App Exchange Online" to route mail of office 365 exchange users to Office 365's MX records. When this is not in place it will cause a mail loop for inbound email from external senders.
- [ ] HVEX2 might have an issue with one of its SAS cables, it detects that one of them is bad.  In general this shouldn’t be an issue but should be corrected down the line. SAS drives use redundant controllers where is sata drives do not, the cable that had failed is not the one currently being used by the Sata drives. Sata drives do not have redundancy so theres no benefit to having it fixed other than to quiet any alerting noise that would be generated by the failed cable.
- [ ] EXWITV1 Probably should be moved to VHVC its a small VM that should probably be highly available.
- [x] Change Cloudflares DNS for remote to point to our 2013 instance so that it can proxy connections.
- [x] Migrate user mailboxes
- [x] still having certificate issues, not sure why, need to investigate further.
- [x] Go over config with nick

## MISC Notes
HVEX2 MGMT
SwitchPort: 2/g41
172.20.1.78

HVEX2 Hyper-v
Switchport: 2/g37
172.20.1.226

Exchange 2013 Enterprise Keys Used: HWY43-FY882-FM8YG-GR2XV-QH6DC